set_country_flag = totalist_coalition
set_country_flag = syndicalist_coalition
set_country_flag = democratic_socialist_coalition
set_country_flag = social_progressive_coalition
set_country_flag = social_liberal_coalition
set_country_flag = market_liberal_coalition
set_country_flag = social_conservative_coalition
set_country_flag = authoritarian_democrat_coalition
set_country_flag = paternal_autocrat_coalition
set_country_flag = clerical_nationalist_coalition
set_country_flag = ethnic_populist_coalition

set_country_flag = banned_totalist
set_country_flag = banned_syndicalist
set_country_flag = banned_democratic_socialist
set_country_flag = banned_social_progressive
set_country_flag = banned_social_liberal
set_country_flag = banned_market_liberal
set_country_flag = banned_social_conservative
set_country_flag = banned_authoritarian_democrat
set_country_flag = banned_paternal_autocrat
set_country_flag = banned_clerical_nationalist
set_country_flag = banned_ethnic_populist